Black BG Studio Preset
By R'iscall Mortiss (Primal/Famfrit) - @RiscallXIV on twitter

As the name states, this preset is used mostly in studios when
you have a solid black background behind you. I like using it with
White Screens (housing vendors sell them) dyed jet black (though
soot black is fine too!). It's tuned for the gpose lights but you 
can probably use whatever housing lights you want with some adjustment.
I use basic three point lighting up close (white lights in front,
colors in the back to emphasize glam), and sometimes adjust character
lighting and global brightness in gpose as necessary.

Examples are in the similarly named folder!

Most of this can be used out of the box with very little adjustment.
I included a bunch of optional shaders you can turn on and off for
some nice effects, but they're not necessary. For the most part it
can be used at any resolution, though I have included clone copyright
shaders for both 1440p and 4K (I'll do 1080p if people want), just
turn one off and the other on (or leave them both off, you TOS-defying
maniac :P).

Like any other preset, feel free to mess with the sliders to your
hearts' desires! Though maybe make a copy first before you do. :P

I've included a list below on what each individual shader does because
I had to learn what a lot of these did and how they worked myself and
I'd love to be able to speed up that process for others. I want this
to be a teaching tool just as much as I want this to be a cool preset.
Let me know if you have any questions!

WHAT EACH SHADER DOES:

Before - used with After at the bottom. Together they show half
the screen as it looks without GShade for comparison.

FFKeepUI - used with FFRestoreUI so that the UI isn't affected by
GShade.

MXAO - Off by default. Ambient occlusion shader. Used to put better
shadows on edges. Offered as an alternative to the on-by-default HBAO
for shadows if you like that more. Or use both if you want!

HBAO - Another occlusion shader. Does some pretty costly occlusion for
some nice effects. You can mess with the HBAO Sampling Range and HBAO
Amount sliders to taste but I like the values as they're shown. The
first purple shire coat shot in the examples has a sampling range of 2.6 
(the default) and all of the other shots use 0.001. Feel free to mess
with this to see what looks good. Note that the Amount isn't the GShade
default! I toned it down to the minimum to make it more subtle. Adjust
if you like!

The preset uses the default sample count, but the example screenshots 
max it out because my PC can handle it. You can try maxing it out if you
like but the difference isn't very noticeable and your framerate will
tank for it.

SSGI - Screen space global illumination. Works similar to the other
occulusion shaders except for light instead of shadows. Adds light based
on how it bounces off other surfaces, keeping some of the color of what it
bounced off of.

From the defaults, I turned down the sampling range, turned down
the illumination muliplier all the way (the defaults are waaaaay too high)
and turned off the built in occlusion because other shaders are covering that.
The example screen shots also max out the sample rate because my card can handle
it but it's the default value in the released version. The difference is minimal
and your PC will thank you.

Ambient Light - off by default. Nice bloom effect, turn it on if you like that.

Clarity - Does some blurring based on brightness. Kinda just turned on and didn't
think about it much. The effect is pretty minimal, you can turn it off if you like
that better.

MultiLUT - Does some color and light (mostly brightening) adjustment based on a 
lookup table provided by a file (in this case it's a GShade file). Color 1 gives
the game a blue tint, which is used to counteract the game's natural warm (orange)
tint. You can adjust the sliders for brightness if you like.

Levels - Turns close-to-black pixels black and close-to-white pixels white. Good for
reducing some of the fading that happens when we brighten things with the other shaders.

Reinhard - Tonemap. Makes things brighter. I turned this on, left it at the defaults, and
didn't touch it again. Adjust this at your own peril, it's easy to go down a rabbit hole!

Lightroom - Swiss army knife for light and color adjustment. Gives you a lot of fine
grained control over the brightness and color and even add a vignette (limb darkening 
in game) at a bit of a learning curve. Keep this near the end of your presets for final
adjustments!

What I'm using it for here:

- I'm turning down Aqua Saturation to counteract the blue tint made by MultiLUT while
  preserving the rest of the color changes that it did. This results in the game feeling
  less orange and more vibrant while not turning the game blue because of the lookup
  table.
- I'm turning up the contrast to make the colors and shadows a bit more defined.
- I'm upping the saturation and vibrance as a color boost. Saturation boosts up color
  equally across the spectrum, while vibrance boosts the color while trying to preserve
  skin tone colors as best it can (so basically less effect on the reds and oranges).
  I generally try to keep a 1:2 ratio on saturation to vibrance because R'iscall has
  orange skin and boosting the saturation too much blows that out a lot. Mess around
  with this if you want!

Emphasize - Takes the background and tints it. You can turn this off if you like, but
I use it to hide all of the artifacts in the background caused by both the lighting
and color boosts from other shaders. Alternatively you can tweak the BlendColor,
BlendFactor (0 = no emphasis, 1 = full blending), and EffectFactor (0 = grey, 
1 = full blend color tint) to match your needs. Adjust FocusDepth based on your zoom
level (it's super precise close up); the goal is to alter the background without 
changing the foreground. 

AdaptiveSharpen - Sharpening shader, makes edges more pronounced. I turned the strength
way down because there were huge artifacts near the edges, especially at lower resolutions.

ADOF - Background blurring. Off by default, you can turn it on if you want to blur out
background artifacts. Adjust the autofocus point as necessary. There's more you can do
with this but for a studio shot it doesn't really matter too much.

GaussianBlur - Blurs away artifacts (mostly from sharpening) for a cleaner picture.
Can adjust this if you think the effect isn't enough or is too much.

GAUSSIAN - more contrast-y Gaussian blur. You can use this one instead of GaussianBlur
and adjust the strength for a nice effect if you want. There are other effects too but
I don't really use them.

CompositionThirds/CenterLines - convenience shaders to show lines for centering/rule
of thirds. Turn on when you need them and off when you're done!

Deband - All of this brightening tends to make background artifacts - use this to try
to smooth them out. If you're losing details in the foreground turn on the Use Depth
checkbox and adjust it accordingly (if you're using it for close up studio portraits
the sweet spot is usually very low)

Bilinear Interpolation Anti Aliasing - Smooths out rough edges. I turned it on and left
the defaults the way they were.

Copyright - Adds the FFXIV copyright text to the bottom middle of the image. Has 1440p and
4K variants, turn on whichever one you want, or none of them. Adjust sliders to move/rotate
it if you wish, I like it where it is because it's the most crop-friendly.

FFRestoreUI - puts the UI back on the screen. Make sure this is one of the last things in your
active shader list!

After - Turn this on if you want to split up the image for before/after GShade changes. Use
the dropdown for different divisions.