Vanilla+ General Purpose Preset
By R'iscall Mortiss (Primal/Famfrit) - @RiscallXIV on twitter

The main purpose of this preset is to provide a basic enhanced
graphical experience without altering the image too much in terms
of both brightness and color. Great care was taken that overall
levels remained the same as vanilla after all of the enhancements are
made.

There are two flavors to this preset. The first is a gameplay preset,
where you get most of the nice benefits to both occlusion and color
without sacrificing too much in performance. The second is a higher
performance preset, providing some extra occlusion, depth of field,
and a few optional shaders you can play around with.

One recommendation is that there's a lot of ambient occlusion in these
shaders that might make the game's built in occlusion look a little off.
My recommendation is if you want to use the gameplay version of this preset
to turn off ambient occlusion in your graphics settings completely since
GShade would handle it. It is how all of the example shots were taken.

Full size examples in the example folder!

WHAT EACH SHADER DOES:

Before - used with After at the bottom. Together they show half
the screen as it looks without GShade for comparison.

FFKeepUI - used with FFRestoreUI so that the UI isn't affected by
GShade.

MultiLUT - Does some color and light (mostly brightening) adjustment based on a 
lookup table provided by a file (in this case it's a GShade file). Color 1 gives
the game a blue tint, which is used to counteract the game's natural warm (orange)
tint. You can adjust the sliders for brightness if you like.

Note that this is at the top of the list because a few of the shaders
bump the brightness of the LUT up to maximum when you turn them on above
this - not sure why this happens but watch your ordering!

Ambient Light (photo preset only) - Optional shader, adds some nice ambient
lighting to the shot. Feel free to toggle the alInt value and the AL_Dirt checkbox
and the ones nearby for some other different effects.

Bilinear Interpolation Anti Aliasing - Smooths out rough edges. I turned it on and left
the defaults the way they were.

qMXAO - Ambient occlusion. Adds more shadows to textures. I also have the indirect
lighting preprocessor definition turned on so it'll add some reflected light too.

MXAOFFXIV - more ambient occlusion. I'm assuming this version has a bit more info
from FFXIV on how to cast shadows and does it a little differently. When combined
with qMXAO it seems to provide a nice effect, so I'm doing that.

SSGI (photo preset only) - Screen space global illumination. Works similar to the other
occulusion shaders except for light instead of shadows. Adds light based
on how it bounces off other surfaces, keeping some of the color of what it
bounced off of.

From the defaults, I turned down the sampling range, turned down
the illumination muliplier all the way (the defaults are waaaaay too high)
and turned off the built in occlusion because other shaders are covering that.

FXAA - Anti-aliasing. Edge detection. Softens edges.

Clarity - Make things look a little more crisp. Just turned it on and left
it at the defaults.

Filmic Sharpen - Sharpens edges and textures, making them look a little less blurry.
Strength is turned way down from the defaults because it sticks out like a sore
thumb otherwise, especially on lower resolutions.

ADOF (photo preset only) - depth of field. Has built in (non-mouse driven) autofocus,
and some nice bokeh effects.

The defaults provided in the preset are fine for most things, but there's a lot you can play
around with here. There's a lot to explain here, but feel free to just play with things and
get a feel for it!

Pirate_Bloom (photo preset only) - Off by default, but easy to turn on. Very light bloom 
effect. Kept at defaults. Leaves a nice glow since that's all the rage these days.

Lightroom - Swiss army knife for light and color adjustment. Gives you a lot of fine
grained control over the brightness and color and even add a vignette (limb darkening 
in game) at a bit of a learning curve. Keep this near the end of your presets for final
adjustments!

What I'm using it for here:

- I'm turning down Aqua Saturation to counteract the blue tint made by MultiLUT while
  preserving the rest of the color changes that it did. This results in the game feeling
  less orange and more vibrant while not turning the game blue because of the lookup
  table.
- I'm turning down the gamma to make the colors and shadows a bit more defined while
  keeping the white and black points the same.
- I'm upping the saturation and vibrance as a color boost. Saturation boosts up color
  equally across the spectrum, while vibrance boosts the color while trying to preserve
  skin tone colors as best it can (so basically less effect on the reds and oranges).
  I generally try to keep a 1:2 ratio on saturation to vibrance because R'iscall has
  orange skin and boosting the saturation too much blows that out a lot. Mess around
  with this if you want!

Lightroom+but just a histogram - Lightroom also has a histogram function hidden in it
if you want to use that to check levels without having to open the image up in an editor
later. I wanted to be able to toggle this without having to open up the shader every time,
so I cloned Lightroom and made a second one that shows only the histogram and the white/black
clipping points. It's assigned to shift+f5 for easy toggling but you can use whatever you want!

GaussianBlur - Blurs away artifacts (mostly from sharpening) for a cleaner picture.
Can adjust this if you think the effect isn't enough or is too much.

Copyright - Adds the FFXIV copyright text to the bottom middle of the image. Has 1440p and
4K variants, turn on whichever one you want, or none of them. Adjust sliders to move/rotate
it if you wish, I like it where it is because it's the most crop-friendly.

CompositionThirds - convenience shaders to show lines for centering/rule
of thirds. Turn on when you need them and off when you're done!

Vertical Previewer and Composition - Convenience shader made for making vertical shots
less of a literal pain in the neck. Also includes composition lines! Off by default, 
but turn it on when you are setting things up and off right before you hit screenshot.
I've assigned it to shift+f4 so you can turn it on and off easily!

FFRestoreUI - puts the UI back on the screen. Make sure this is one of the last things in your
active shader list!

After - Turn this on if you want to split up the image for before/after GShade changes. Use
the dropdown for different divisions.