Simple Gameplay Preset
By R'iscall Mortiss (Primal/Famfrit) - @RiscallXIV on twitter

This preset is what I use for my normal gameplay preset. I play in
1440p on max settings but this should work for a variety of other
resolutions and graphics settings as well.

Examples are in the similarly named folder!

The purpose of this preset is to provide some small boosts to color
and shadows while maintaining the general look and feel of the game.
I took care to try to make sure overall brightness levels were maintained
and that no particular color sticks out like a sore thumb.

Overall the differences should be pretty minimal - it is a gameplay
preset, after all. It's just a few small changes to make the game
look just a little bit prettier without affecting performance much.

WHAT EACH SHADER DOES:

Before - used with After at the bottom. Together they show half
the screen as it looks without GShade for comparison.

FFKeepUI - used with FFRestoreUI so that the UI isn't affected by
GShade. Make sure the Occlusion Assistance checkbox is off otherwise
your UI will start to cast shadows.

qMXAO - Ambient occlusion. Makes more pretty shadows appear. Mostly
default settings but I turned down the Ambient Occlusion Amount slider
from 1.0 to 0.4 to keep it very subtle. Feel free to adjust to taste.

This shader is also the biggest performance hit of the preset -
if you're having trouble with framerate issues lower the sample
quality here.

FXAA - Edge detection and anti-aliasing. Makes edges smoother.
Default settings.

Filmic Sharpen - Sharpen filter. Makes edges more pronounced.
Turned down the strength to keep it subtle so you don't see weird lines
on all the borders.

GaussianBlur - Blurs away artifacts (mostly from sharpening) for a 
cleaner picture. Default settings. Can adjust this if you think the
effect isn't enough or is too much.

Lightroom - Swiss army knife for light and color adjustment. Gives you a lot of fine
grained control over the brightness and color and even add a vignette (limb darkening 
in game) at a bit of a learning curve. Keep this near the end of your presets for final
adjustments!

What I'm using it for here:

- I'm shifting the temperature on the global white balance just a smidge cooler
  to counteract the game's natural warm (orange) tint.
- I'm turning down Aqua Saturation to counteract the blue tint made by adjusting the
  white balance temperature while still preserving the reduced orange.
- I'm turning up the contrast to make the brights and darks a bit more defined.
- I'm upping the vibrance as a color boost. Vibrance boosts the color while trying to preserve
  skin tone colors as best it can (so basically less effect on the reds and oranges).
  This is important for someone like R'iscall, who has orange-brown skin and a straight
  saturation boost blows that up way too much.

FFRestoreUI - puts the UI back on the screen. Make sure this is one of the last things in your
active shader list!

After - Turn this on if you want to split up the image for before/after GShade changes. Use
the dropdown for different divisions.